Referee’s report on "Proximal compact spaces are Corson compact," by
Steven Clontz and Gary Gruenhage

- - -

This paper is well worth publishing. The result not only answers a very
natural question about compact proximal spaces, but does it in a way that
gives us a new internal characterization of Corson compact spaces. The proof
is quite nontrivial and is a remarkable example of using a winning strategy in
one game to produce a winning strategy in another.

Because of the intricacy of the proof, the authors should make an effort to
give the reader help as early as possible to see what is really going on. As it is,
a lot of motivation is saved towards the end. For example, I recommend that,
immediately after “Now suppose T(a) is defined.” on the top of page 6, some
such statement as the following appear:

“Part of our induction hypothesis is that G = ___ is an open
cover for H and that O chose \bigcup G in the round for which T(a)
is defined. This makes x a legal play for P in that round iff x \in \bigcup G. 
For each such point x, we define ...” 
Where the blank appears, put the first displayed formula on page 7.

I also recommend that the information immediately preceding “Hence we
may define the strategy \tau” on page 7 be moved back to the bulleted part on
page 6 which shows how to choose h_t,k and h_t,k,l.

I would even suggest moving the remark at the end of the construction of
T(\emptyset) back to the end of the preceding bulleted information. It’s a very small
move, but for some time I was under the impression that m_\emptyset was indexing too
many things, because the remark only appears at the top of the next page.

If Bell’s paper [1] has appeared in print, the wording of the citation should
be updated; if not, then the authors should give her original definition of her
game instead of leaving it up to the reader to show that it is equivalent to
their formulation. In fact it might be a good idea to give the original definition
anyway.

The paper is remarkably free of typos. The only (very minor) grammatical
adjustment I would make is to write “a couple of properties” instead of just “a
couple properties” just before Proposition 1.3.